The Python Library Reference, Release 3.12.1
As with add(), parameter message may be a Message instance, an email.message.Message
instance, a string, a byte string, or a file-like object (which should be open in binary mode). If message is an
instance of the appropriate format-specific Message subclass (e.g., if it’s an mboxMessage instance
and this is an mbox instance), its format-specific information is used. Otherwise, the format-specific
information of the message that currently corresponds to key is left unchanged.
iterkeys()
Return an iterator over all keys
keys()
The same as iterkeys(), except that a list is returned rather than an iterator
itervalues()
__iter__()
Return an iterator over representations of all messages. The messages are represented as instances of the
appropriate format-specific Message subclass unless a custom message factory was specified when the
Mailbox instance was initialized.
Note: The behavior of __iter__() is unlike that of dictionaries, which iterate over keys.
values()
The same as itervalues(), except that a list is returned rather than an iterator
iteritems()
Return an iterator over (key, message) pairs, where key is a key and message is a message representation.
The messages are represented as instances of the appropriate format-specific Message subclass unless
a custom message factory was specified when the Mailbox instance was initialized.
items()
The same as iteritems(), except that a list of pairs is returned rather than an iterator of pairs.
get(key, default=None)
__getitem__(key)
Return a representation of the message corresponding to key. If no such message exists, default is returned
if the method was called as get() and a KeyError exception is raised if the method was called
as __getitem__(). The message is represented as an instance of the appropriate format-specific
Message subclass unless a custom message factory was specified when the Mailbox instance was
initialized.
get_message(key)
Return a representation of the message corresponding to key as an instance of the appropriate format-
specific Message subclass, or raise a KeyError exception if no such message exists.
get_bytes(key)
Return a byte representation of the message corresponding to key, or raise a KeyError exception if no
such message exists.
New in version 3.2.
get_string(key)
Return a string representation of the message corresponding to key, or raise a KeyError exception if
no such message exists. The message is processed through email.message.Message to convert it
to a 7bit clean representation.
get_file(key)
Return a file-like representation of the message corresponding to key, or raise a KeyError exception if
no such message exists. The file-like object behaves as if open in binary mode. This file should be closed
once it is no longer needed.
1212
Chapter 19. Internet Data Handling
